updated Dashboard, Pivot EUD 20.1 (#107)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: dashboard-for-desktop/articles/dashboard-designer/designing-dashboard-items/cards.md

> 	Describes features that enable interaction between the Card dashboard item and other items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Describes features that enable interaction between a Card dashboard item and other items.
```

* [Cards Arrangement](cards/cards-arrangement.md)
	

> 	Describes how to arrange cards within the Card dashboard item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Describes how to arrange cards within a Card dashboard item.
```

* [Conditional Formatting](cards/conditional-formatting.md)	

> 	Describes how to format the Card dashboard item’s elements whose values meet a specified condition.	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Describes how to format a Card dashboard item’s elements when its values meet a specified condition.	
```
